hello my name is ellen lohr and me
I have been a pro in motorsport for 25 years
and today is a special one for me
day because I'm allowed to spend a whole day
with the new only very slightly
camouflaged m-class of mercedes-benz im
go to the terrain
of course that's what it looks like inside
all very in love out but I may
he will look and discover it everywhere
many new features like very excited
because make out everywhere
and in off-road terrain you want
Of course, try out what the
new m-class on it just has on
every case at first glance
are various off-road programs and
here I am looking for me bringing a
the steepest slopes out of that are 60
65 percent offroad program 2 das
means that I have some parameters
change and theoretically do the car
everything for me
by itself and it is as well
incredibly unbelievable what that
electronics provide in the terrain
that's really fascinating without one
problem climbs you just have to
steer a bit by yourself
everything else does auto by itself
so now the whole downhill with the dsl
speed regulation is irish holes
in the car hands feet trust everything from
Steering wheel you can adjust with wifi
km / h you want to go downhill
that was five now you can choose
between 2 to 18 km h with 18 km h the
Of course, then is pretty quick on
in any case, the system takes everything
if you want because you can of course
even without driving
that was a nice one
challenge, however, not so
really for the new driving programs in
the new m-class
Now we are looking for something else
for example, now asphalt that is not
bad because that's really one
everyday situation and does not drive
every case against forest but such a
slope on asphalt asphalt wet asphalt
happens more often
Then introduce yourself now that times
automatic program because I know
not really what was behind me
expected
just take a look
make the car even more alone
not to be expected at all
problem
among them
the terrain on which we are today
is of course great because that offers
everything your heart desires
Accordingly, I have the time now
leveling all the way up
hazards
because I do not know what to expect
I only saw a lot of water and you
already up and down and entanglements
everything for exactly the wrong reason
the car all the way up
That's where it starts with one
Quite water passage one excited
if there are no rubber boots
that's pretty much
that's pretty cool my goodness cool
There are no problems with the feet
stay dry that's another one
more pleasant and you to the racing car
because you definitely have it now
wet fireproof like everything easily
but it is still over in the
water to drive in if you do not
really knows how deep it is now
of course offroad terrain
that would fit otherwise you would
maybe before with you
the rubber boots go see if it
at all possible is what water to
driving through at the highest level
total of this leveling regulation
It's three inches higher than 8 cm
normal so the level you on the
street would choose
is the problem everywhere in it as
eight centimeters is of course already one
whole lot
That's right off-road trial
drive so you actually stretch
only takes if you want to have fun
if you do not know what to you
Of course you all take too
technical tools that go in the
case, that means really full offroad
package
the downhill speed regulation and
of course the reduction for
shorter gears but then is not yet
everything completely without problems and if something
then you can completely without any problems
really fun
an off-road day with the m class is on the way
the end was a lot of fun
all tasks done but now goes
It's back to normal on the country road
there too i have to say everything is perfect
feels good
so it was a nice one